=pod

=head1 NAME

Mail::Chimp2 - Mailchimp V2 API

=head1 VERSION

version 0.2

=head1 SYNOPSIS

This is a very rudimentary start of a Mailchimp API version 2
integration. It will be a complete implementation eventually but for now
all I needed was bulk add addresses to lists, so that is what i covered
so far.

    use Mail::Chimp2;

    my $chimp = Mail::Chimp2->new(
        debug   => 1,
        api_key => 'yourapikey-us1'
    );
    dump $chimp->lists_batch_subscribe(
        id              => 'list_id',
        double_optin    => 'false',
        update_existing => 'true',
        batch           => [ {
                email      => { email => 'me@example.com' },
                merge_vars => { FNAME => 'Me', LNAME => 'Example' } 
        } ]
    );

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 dc

The datacenter attribute is set to the extension of the API key. You can force
it if you need by setting this attribute.

=head1 INTERNALS

=head2 BUILD

basic configuration for the client API happens usually in the BUILD method when using Web::API

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests on GitHub's issue tracker L<https://github.com/norbu09/Mail::Chimp2/issues>.
Pull requests welcome.

=head1 SUPPORT

You can find documentation for this module with the perldoc command.

    perldoc Mail::Chimp2

You can also look for information at:

=over 4

=item * GitHub repository

L<https://github.com/norbu09/Mail::Chimp2>

=item * MetaCPAN

L<https://metacpan.org/module/Mail::Chimp2>

=item * AnnoCPAN: Annotated CPAN documentation

L<http://annocpan.org/dist/Mail::Chimp2>

=item * CPAN Ratings

L<http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/Mail::Chimp2>

=back

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

=over 4

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Lenz Gschwendtner <lenz@springtimesoft.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2013 by ideegeo Group Limited.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

